---
title: 'NBA 2024 Final Process Mining'
author: Kurtis Smith
date: '2024-09-04'
slug: nba-final-2024-pm
theme: journal
categories:
  - package-exploration
tags:
  - sports-analytics, rstats
summary: "The NBA final has concluded and I would like to play with process mining packages in bupaverse, let's path them."
---

## Project Introduction üëãüèΩ

Inspired by <span class="citation">Kr√∂ckel and Bodendorf (2020)</span>,
this analysis will use R to explore process mining on a subject I am
fond of - basketball. I have played basketball all my life, although my
failing left knee means I play infrequently in my older age.

I will be analysing game 5 of the 2024 NBA final between Donƒçiƒá, Dallas
Mavericks and Tatum, Boston Celtics. Well done Celtics üçÄ, who last won
a championship 16 years ago. I will avoid findings which could just as
easily be found in a games summary statistics and focus on what unique
insights process mining provides. Let us start with the data.

## Data Treatment

The data collation was a manual effort, a labour of love. After watching
game 5 of the 2024 NBA finals I painstakingly noted down each activity
along with the timestamp.

To add assurance to this data set I checked each activity available on
<a
href="https://www.nba.com/game/dal-vs-bos-0042300405/play-by-play?period=All"
class="uri"><span class="citation">nba.com/play-by-play
(2024)</span></a> matched on timestamp and cross checked the summary
player stats against <a
href="https://www.nba.com/game/dal-vs-bos-0042300405/box-score?period=All"
class="uri"><span class="citation">nba.com/box-score (2024)</span></a>.

A few self imposed rules during data creation:

-   To define the process under analysis, one end to end run or ‚Äòcase‚Äô
    ends with a shot

-   For free throws the case ends at the last free throw attempt

-   Unless specified from the nba website I have timestamped at the
    beginning of each activity

## Create Eventlog

An eventlog in process mining is a structured collection of recorded
events that represent the execution of activities usually within a
business process, in this context, an NBA game.

It typically contains information such as the event type, timestamp,
case identifier, and other relevant attributes, serving as the primary
input for process mining techniques to discover, monitor, and improve
actual processes.

Once an event log object has been created, the object can be used across
multiple analyses.

## Analyses

### Control-Flow

Control flow in process mining refers to the sequence and decision
points of activities within a process. This perspective explores the
flow of the game.

#### Traces

Traces are the distinct processes of an eventlog, in this context, a
play which starts at the beginning of a quarter of post shot attempt
until another shot attempt.

##### Coverage

Reviewing the trace coverage relative to cases let us us see if the same
plays are used throughout or if plays are variable. The plots display
relative frequencies above 0.02 to remove the plot tail and make for
better viewing.

<img
src="data:image/png;base64,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"
width="960" />

As the left plot displays a max relative frequency of 0.03, the plays of
this game varied considerably. Even when grouping activities
e.g.¬†dribble and dribble-turnover both set as dribble, a max relative
frequency of 0.06 as shown in the right plot.

With more detailed data around off the ball movements and data on many
more games, perhaps you could use trace coverage analysis to: - Indicate
if systematic plays are used, shown by an increase in the relative
frequency - Compare across teams and games to see if this metric shares
patterns with tradition metrics i.e.¬†win/loss, plus/minus etc

##### Team Trace Length

Reviewing the trace sizes for each team i.e.¬†The number of activities
used until a shot attempt.

<img
src="data:image/png;base64,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"
width="960" />

All look similar except Dallas for plays which end in a miss. Lets look
into this further by spliting Dallas traces by quarter.

<img
src="data:image/png;base64,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"
width="960" />

The 4th quarter has higher average and max trace lengths at a time when
they needed to make a push.

There could be multiple reasons as to why, perhaps Boston played
brilliant defence forcing Dallas to pass more in order to shift the
defence and make space.

Regardless this ran down the clock limiting the number of available
opportunities to reduce the deficit.

Let us view that 4th quarter outlier process to see why.

This outlier is explained by how a play is defined by a shot attempt.
Boston held position at the onset but turned over possession to Dallas,
shortly after Dallas made a shot attempt.

#### Precedences

Reviewing the activity process matrix allows for investigation into
antecedent and consequential activities. Each activity row will sum to
100%.

<img
src="data:image/png;base64,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"
width="960" />

Across the game ~70% of all passes were followed by a dribble whilst
~20% of the time it was followed by another pass. Additional data and
further analysis could shed light on, if these figures typified finals
or playing styles of NBA teams.

~55% of the time a defensive rebound was followed by a dribble, and ~38%
a pass. Your taught to grab the rebound and look for the outlet (at
least in the United Kingdom) yet in this game the dribble was preferred.
If you had player positions you may look to investigate if a lack of
outlet options was the reason or perhaps the rebound was caught closer
to the 3pt line than under the rim so it made more sense to move the
ball up the court for a fast break.

### Performance

Performance analysis typically involves metrics such as time to complete
activity, time in between each activity, and total time of process to
understand the factors affecting process performance.

#### Throughput Time

This analysis is limited by the time stamps collected. If I had start
and end times of each activity, more granular analysis could be
performed. As it stands only total time across process is available,
also know as throughput time.

<img
src="data:image/png;base64,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"
width="960" />

-   Bostons interquartile range is wider than Dallas‚Äôs, 50% of Bostons
    plays are more varied in time than 50% of Dallas‚Äô.

-   For shots made by Dallas the interquartile range is half that of
    Boston. 50% of Dallas‚Äôs plays were quick, perhaps rushed due to
    score deficit.

#### Process Map

Process mining isn‚Äôt complete without a process map. Split by team
plays, you could dig for many insights looking across both maps.

##### Boston Celtics

##### Dallas Mavericks

A few noteworthy insights:

-   Boston was more industrious than Dallas. Having completed more
    passes, dribbles, rebounds, blocks etc

-   Boston was 1 second quicker on average to make a shot attempt after
    a defensive rebound.

-   Both teams passed the ball with similar average times: Boston with
    1.2 seconds and Dallas 1.51 seconds, for passes not leading to an
    assist. Boston 2.31 seconds and Dallas 2.5 seconds for passes
    leading to an assist. In both cases Boston were on average quicker
    and sharper in moving the ball.

#### Spectra

Referenced in
<a href="https://bupaverse.github.io/docs/performance_spectrum.html"
class="uri"><span class="citation">bupaverse (2024)</span></a>,
<span class="citation">Denisov, Fahland, and Aalst (2018)</span>
provides another avenue to analyse performance. What the authors term
‚Äòperformance spectra‚Äô defined as ‚ÄòThe Performance Spectrum is a fully
detailed data structure and visualization of all cases over all segments
over time‚Äô provides a taxonomy of performance patterns.

<img
src="data:image/png;base64,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"
width="960" />

I have opted for 15% coverage of plays (or cases) as most would be
sparse and beyond evaluating. In line with the taxonomy, this event has
generally 2 elementary patterns:

-   For dribble to pass and vice versa: The pattern follows a **single
    segment** with **globally occurring** instances, with **regular
    repetitions**, and a **continuous** workload across the course of
    the event, the full 45 mins.

-   The rest of the pairwise segments had a similar taxonomy with a
    **sparse** workload.

Interesting analysis when applied to administrative data as is the case
for <span class="citation">Denisov, Fahland, and Aalst (2018)</span>.
However offers little when applied to this dataset. If this dataset
included off the ball movement and/or multiple games, perhaps analysis
of performance spectra would be more fruitful.

### Organisational

Organisational analysis refers to the examination of the social and
organisational aspects of a business process, such as the resources,
responsibilities, and interactions of the individuals involved.

#### Resource Industry

Looking at the top 10 industrious players, the players with higher
frequency of activities. You would expect to see your star players at
the top.

<img
src="data:image/png;base64,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"
width="960" />

As you would expect, Tatum, Donƒçiƒá, and Brown rank in the top 3. Irving
was not as involved as Dallas would have liked. Boston hold 4 of the 5
top spots, they certainly brought the game to Dallas.

#### Specialisation

<img
src="data:image/png;base64,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"
width="960" />

One game doesn‚Äôt make a specialist but for the purposes of exploration
let us see who was a one-game specialist, who excels at a type of
activity. Note, I have removed any activities that happened only once to
reduce dimensions and make it easy viewing.

A few noteworthy insights

-   There are more Dallas players than Boston, the specialisation of
    activities was spread wider for Dallas.

-   Donƒçiƒá held the pass master title for Dallas and was certainly his
    teams passing specialist whilst Boston shared that specialisation
    across 4 players.

-   Donƒçiƒá specialised in defensive rebounds for his team as well as
    passing, were as Boston shared this responsibility across 4 players.

Although there were more Dallas specialists, Donƒçiƒá was the main
specialist in passing, and defensive rebounding comparative to his team
whilst Boston often had several specialists in any given activity. This
would have hindered Dallas when Donƒçiƒá was subbed and benefited Boston
during bench rotation.

#### Handover work

Handover analysis explores how work is handed off from one person or
step to the next.

In the following resource maps, I will be looking at the 20% most
frequent plays or traces.

##### Boston Celtics

Jayson Tatum was passed to most (9) by Derrick White but only by 1 more
pass. Followed by Jrue Holiday passing to Derrick White (8). Handover
work is generally even across the most industrious players in Boston

##### Dallas Mavericks

Comparative to Boston, Dallas rotated the basketball less. The highest
handover score between players being 3.

For at least 20% of the most frequent plays, Boston moved the ball more,
this is almost always a good sign in basketball, it often equates to: -
Improved player engagement - Players better attuned to game tempo -
Players warm up quicker, essential for a sport which has constant
substitutions

## Conclusion

### Game

Game 5 of the NBA 2024 finals had high variance in plays, with Boston
winning the game. Boston was more industrious, their star players were
more effective, were quicker at getting the shot up after defensive
rebounds, moved the ball quicker, and had better rotation of the ball
than Dallas.

Dallas really were never in the game, being thwarted whenever they
mounted an attack. Dallas were unable to get Irving into the game,
relied too much on Donƒçiƒá, and were second best.

### Method

Process mining applied to basketball has shown clear and easily
digestible insights into the behaviours of both teams. That being said
there is no open dataset well fitted towards this analysis for public
use. I had to heavily enrich traditional play-by-play data. This time
resource intensive approach, albeit as a personal project, means I will
unlikely gather more data despite the analysis benefitting from it.

Further analysis into evasion sports like basketabll could look into
including off the ball activity for process mining analysis, in this
vein, perhaps individual sports would prove easier requiring less data
to generate insight. Either way, the automating of data collection
specific and open for the purpose of process mining would spearhead this
type of analysis.

Specific to this case, having included, as an activity, when players
don‚Äôt move with the ball. This would have been interesting to delve
into. I suspect you would see the time Celtics held the ball increase in
quarter 4 as they attempt to run the clock.

## Acknowledgements

Packages and package maintainer(s):

-   tidyverse | Hadley Wickham
-   bupaverse | Gert Janssenswillen
-   patchwork | Thomas Lin Pedersen
-   viridis | Simon Garnier
-   DT | Joe Cheng
-   psmineR | Gert Janssenswillen

## References

bupaverse. 2024. ‚ÄúBupaR Docs | Performance Spectrum ‚Äî
Bupaverse.github.io.‚Äù
<https://bupaverse.github.io/docs/performance_spectrum.html>.

Denisov, Vadim, Dirk Fahland, and Wil Aalst. 2018. ‚ÄúUnbiased,
Fine-Grained Description of Processes Performance from Event Data: 16th
International Conference, BPM 2018, Sydney, NSW, Australia, September
9‚Äì14, 2018, Proceedings.‚Äù <https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-98648-7_9>.

Kr√∂ckel, Pavlina, and Freimut Bodendorf. 2020. ‚ÄúProcess Mining of
Football Event Data: A Novel Approach for Tactical Insights into the
Game.‚Äù *Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence*.
<https://doi.org/10.3389/frai.2020.00047>.

nba.com/box-score. 2024. ‚ÄúDallas Mavericks Vs Boston Celtics Jun 17,
2024 Box Scores ‚Äî Nba.com.‚Äù
<https://www.nba.com/game/dal-vs-bos-0042300405/box-score?period=All>.

nba.com/play-by-play. 2024. ‚ÄúDallas Mavericks Vs Boston Celtics Jun 17,
2024 Play-by-Play ‚Äî Nba.com.‚Äù
<https://www.nba.com/game/dal-vs-bos-0042300405/play-by-play?period=All>.
